Updated hello link to conan-io/hello repo (#1269)
conan-io/docs: creating_packages/getting_started.rst

===============

To start learning about creating packages, we will create a package from the existing source code
repository: https://github.com/conan-io/hello. You can check that project, it is a very simple
"hello world" C++ library, using CMake as the build system to build a library and an executable. It does not contain
any association with Conan.

We are using a similar GitHub repository as an example, but the same process also applies to other source

> code origins, like downloading a zip or tar ball from the internet.

Reviewer: This was ok, ``tarball`` is used in computing: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tar_(computing)

> code origins, like downloading a zip or tar ball from the internet.

Author: ```suggestion
code origins, like downloading a zip or tarball from the internet.
```

        generators = "cmake"

        def source(self):
            self.run("git clone https://github.com/conan-io/hello.git")

>             self.run("cd hello")

Author: Not needed anymore
```suggestion
```
